h2. GAE Skel

A lame skeleton for GAE.


h3. What's in?

 * "Routes":http://routes.groovie.org/index.html (BSD): a Python re-implementation of the Rails routes system for mapping URL's to Controllers/Actions and generating URL's.
 * "Jinja2":http://jinja.pocoo.org/2/ (BSD): a small but fast and easy to use stand-alone template engine written in pure python.
 * GAESkel (Apache2.0) - glue to assamble Routes and Jinja2 in GAE Environment.
 * "Textile":http://loopcore.com/python-textile/ (BSD): a Humane Web Text Generator

WSGI implementation is based on "Match Webapp URL's Using Routes":http://appengine-cookbook.appspot.com/recipe/match-webapp-urls-using-routes/.


h3. Hello World (in progress)

h4. Warming up

<pre>
~/Projects> git clone git://github.com/aurelian/gaeskel.git
~/Projects> cd gaeskel
~/Projects/gaeskel> cp app.yaml.sample app.yaml
</pre>
change the application id to match yours.

h4. Check your GAE!

<pre>
~/Projects/gaeskel> dev_appserver.py .
</pre>

h4. One Controller. One Action to render text.

</pre>
~/Projects/gaeskel> mkdir helloworld
~/Projects/gaeskel> touch helloworld/__init__.py
~/Projects/gaeskel> mkdir helloworld/controllers
~/Projects/gaeskel> touch helloworld/controllers/__init__.py
~/Projects/gaeskel> cat > helloworld/controllers/foo.py
from gaeskel.controller import Application

class Foo(Application):
  def hi(self):
    self.render_text("Har-Har HAMEL.")

^D
~/Projects/gaeskel> vim config.py
</pre>

add @map.connect('/hi', controller='helloworld.controllers.foo:Foo', action='hi')@ to Routes.

h4. Another Controller. And a template

<pre>

~/Projects/gaeskel> cat > helloworld/controllers/bar.py
from gaeskel.controller import Application

class Bar(Application):
  
  def hello_template(self):
    pass
^D

~/Projects/gaeskel> mkdir -p helloworld/templates/bar
~/Projects/gaeskel> cat > helloworld/templates/bar/hello_tempalte.html
<p>Hello Template</p>
^D

</pre>

h3. TODO

 * haml?

h3. Contact / License


<pre>
 Copyright 2008, 2009 Aurelian Oancea

 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
</pre>

oancea at gmail dot com

